alright just a quick update of where I'm
at I got the door panel out both the
door panels are all this one's cut apart
and kind of get an idea for some fitment
and then I'll start building that I
don't have all of my speakers yet I
still need my 5-inch speakers so I'm
going to wait probably till I get those
unless I just want to kind of guess on a
total diameter but I want to be able to
test fit them before I get too far so
I'm kind of holding off on that some
other stuff I've been working on is the
pods up there for the speakers I'm going
to need to add another one so I have six
up there fiberglass the inside of the
ports just just a layer of resin just
for the air to flow on door panels are
off you can kind of see behind that rail
there that I formed in between that rail
and the outside door door skin and you
see how much open space i have there now
if you look at this one there's a lot
less open space what I'm doing is
cutting sections of this 26 gauge sheet
out covering the holes and then just
putting some more mat over the top just
so less air is actually getting inside
the door pocket doors are the loudest
part of the car outside the car so I
want to try to take care of that and get
those a little quieter other than that
car should be pretty much rattle free a
noise-free outside so hopefully this
will this will help that a lot
hopefully I'll still have a couple of
small holes but not a lot of air will be
able to escape into that door pocket to
be able to make that flex so hopefully
I'll get rid all that but that's what
I'm working on right now